[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Hey, I'm Kramer. Welcome to Man Money.
Welcome to Kramer, my friends. I'm just
trying to make you a little bit of
money. My job is not just to entertain,
but to teach. So call me at 1800 743
CBC. Tweet me, Jim Kramer. If people
were expecting the Federal Reserve to
give us fireworks,
they were sorely disappointed.
Fed chief Jay Pal is not giving
hyperbole. He's trying to balance price
stability with job growth. And right
now, the risk tilt against the ladder.
As Pal told us today, the labor market
is really cooling off. So the widely
expected quarter point rate cut made a
ton of sense but the market was all over
the place after we got this widely
telegraphed news Dow gaining 260 points
as me dipping.1% NASDAQ declining.33%.
It made me feel like the Fed somehow
took us by surprise but that was not the
case. The market's reaction tells me two
things. One there are people who
actually believe we get something bigger
and two there are people who think that
stocks are overvalued without big rate
cuts.
Given that pal said quote there wasn't
widespread support for a 50 basis point
cut today end quote we were going to see
some sellers perhaps there were enough
investors out there who thought the Fed
would give in to the president and bless
us with a 50 basis point cut those
people are delusional
while we could have gotten more dovish
language from pal of course a tad
disappointing to equity investors no big
themes were upended no longer term gains
were put on hold in the end everybody
with half a brain knew we'd get a
quarter point cut so shouldn't have done
nothing to the market. If anything, the
market's wild action after the 2 p.m.
statement in the 2:30 press conference
created some interesting buying
opportunities. Why is that? Because we
around here do not trade cuts in rates.
That's not what we do. We don't buy or
sell stocks based on statements by JPAL.
We're not that thoughtless. Of course,
we want to see how the bond market
reacts. Bonds were all over the map,
finishing down in price and up in yield,
unfortunately. But it was nothing major.
almost kind of back to our regular
programming almost because the
president's going to hammer pal for
doing so little so late when he gets a
break for some state dinner. So what's
changed here? Honestly, not much. Just
that people don't like to say that cuz
that's not newsworthy. First, I think we
can stick with technology and with
artificial intelligence, the failings of
companies that are involved in both. We
had something very strange today. A
story about how the Chinese government
wants a full stop in buying Nvidia's
artificial intelligence chips for some
of the biggest clients. Those are the
ones that are made for China. and we
thought they'd be welcome there. Very
confusing, very fluid story. Now, I have
to tell you that the Chinese narrative
has become the defining story with
Nvidia. And I think that that is dead
wrong.
There's lots of positions in play here.
You could argue that this is a ploy,
something that can change on a dime when
the president talks with President Xi
about the People's Republic. After all,
the Treasury won't get us 15% of China
AI chip sales of nothing sold. 15% of
nothing. Suboptimal. You could argue
that Nvidia looks like it'll be shut out
of the market that's worth about $50
billion in sales per year. Right now,
Nvidia has no China numbers. They're not
in the numbers. So, don't expect number
cuts. That's why I don't think there was
a reason to sell here. Me, well,
shocker. I say own Nvidia. Don't trade
it. And if you can get some in at the
160 level, oh boy, I'd be a buyer.
Nvidia's at the heart of AI. The new
chips that are coming out are way ahead
of the current ones. The Chinese
government needs to be mindful not to
shoot itself in the foot.
Other countries will get these chips
which will take AI to levels where it
can truly surpass humans in many
different kinds of problem solving and
surpass all those Chinese companies too.
Nvidia now has the worst case scenario
in China. Everyone knows that. I think
that's your best chance to buy. Second,
as I mentioned yesterday, the banks are
still looking good as short rates go
down. They borrow at the short end of
the yield curve and then uh which fell
by the way because of the rate cut and
then they lend long which higher. So
when long rates drop and long rates rise
the banks and when short rates drop and
long rates rise well I got to tell you
that's when you buy the bank stocks. At
tomorrow's noon CBC investing club
meeting I'm going to talk about this.
I'm going to tell club members that I
intend to stick with the banks even
though we have huge profits. If you
don't own any, then still you can buy
Wells Fargo, which is stalled here in
the $82 range. And you can get even more
uh buying of Capital One if you own some
of that, the credit card bank, which
will make a fortune now that it's merged
with Discover. Very few defaults at
Capital One, far fewer than I thought
there would be at this point in the
cycle. As JPAL said, households are in
good shape, and that's not about to
change. Third, the market turned on the
travel leisure stocks again. Oh god,
they keep doing that. Even as I continue
to tell you that CO changed the industry
permanently. Marriott was crushed today,
which makes no sense at all, especially
when American Express was up 3% to hit
an all-time high. Fourth, I don't see
any real reason to get excited about the
interest rate sensitive cyclicals,
including the housing stocks. Those are
the stocks you'd buy if we heard that
the Fed had a very serious debate about
whether a double rate cut. We didn't get
that. Now, for instance, we own Home
Depot for the travel trust. It's been a
big winner, and I'm not surprised that
it got dinged today down 1%. You need
need to hear something about bigger cuts
to get that stock higher, and it didn't
happen. It's going to be slower. It's
still going to go higher though. I don't
feel great about the souls in general,
even though Caterpillar hit an alltime
high today. Unless they have something
to do with the data center or with
aerospace. I'm concerned, for example,
about FedEx, which reports tomorrow, 25
basis point cut won't change things in
time for this great shipping company.
I'm even more concerned about United
Parcel with it 7.8% yield. That yield's
too high. May not be sustainable. even
as management keeps saying otherwise
fairly or unfairly when you see that
kind of high yield that stock market is
the stock market is saying don't trust
the dividend
now there are plenty of critics who will
find something that pal said and try to
make it sound controversial jinning up
stories is what I call it there'll be
some vicious ride post against this man
when the president hears what he's done
but the simple fact is that the Fed's
caught between a rock and a hard place
we really haven't gotten inflation under
control at the same time the job market
is deteriorating rapidly at the moment
The Fed thinks the job situation is more
worrisome. Besides, the Fed can't beat
this new inflation because, well, a lot
of it comes from tariffs. Remember, our
president wants to ignore that his
tariffs are causing the inflation. Pal
can't do that. So, don't ask Pal to cut
rates five times. Pal has a reputation
for being a prudent prudent person. And
that is something that all Fed chiefs
want to be known for. We have Pal until
May of next year. He'll cut rates
further if jobs stumble or inflation
comes down or both. But he doesn't want
to get ahead of himself because nobody
and I mean nobody knows what the real
impact of tariffs will be except it's
going to be negative. The bottom line,
sorry spectators who wanted something
exciting. Instead she goes from pal and
it's well if you ask me exactly what we
needed. Spencer Michigan Spencer.
>> Hi Mr. Kramer. Thank you for taking my
call.
>> Thank you for calling Spence. What's up?
>> My question is on Micron. They raised
their guidance in August and are heading
into earnings next week with stronger
revenue and margin expectation. The
stock's been on a tear recently. Is it
still a buy before earnings?
>> Okay, here's the problem. Sanjay Moro is
the CEO is fabulous. He's fabulous.
That's one of the reasons why the stock
went up so much. But he's also prudent
and he's conservative. He may not say
the words that Wall Street wants after
this big run. I think you wait and see
at this point. And remember again I have
said to you that I like Marocha but a
stock up 80% year to date. I think that
he will be prudent. Dustin in Oklahoma.
Dustin.
>> Oh yeah. Jimbo. Dustin from Oklahoma. My
buddy's calling me Whit. It's good to
talk to you again. Hope you're feeling
better. Looking forward to the meeting
tomorrow.
>> Well, I appreciate that. I can't wait
for the meeting. What's happening,
>> my friend? So, I got into this stock
about four weeks ago at $585 cost basis.
With the current administration's view
on wind and also considering all the
countries pouring so much capital into
America right now, what is your
long-term view on GE Vernova still?
>> Okay. I I don't want you to worry about
wind. They've got a lot of, you know,
there's a lot of things involved with
wind, including maintenance that makes
it so I'm not that worried. And it's a
very inexpensive way to do power. You
don't necessarily need the government. I
know it's a negative. And the stock got
hit very badly when the president came
out against wind. But I come back and I
say, "Wait a second. This is natural
gas. It's a natural gas story." And
every time it is down, I say
bye bye.
>> So that's what the plan is. Okay, let's
go to Nave in New Jersey. Nave.
>> Hey Jim, how are you doing?
>> I am doing well. How about you?
>> I'm great. I'm great. Just celebrating
my wife's birthday today, so I'm very
happy.
>> Hey, happy birthday to her. That's
fantastic.
Thanks. Hey Jim, I wanted to pick your
brain on uh Salesforce. I've been
watching this stock. I I got into a very
large position yesterday. Uh the stock's
year to date's been beat up. What are
your thoughts?
>> At 21 times next year's earnings, I'm
beginning to think that that I'm not
going to pull the trigger on more
because the trust has a very small
position. I'm beginning to think that
the buy case is just much better than
the sell case down 27%. They've got a
terrific business. They're everywhere. I
think Salesforce is okay to buy if you
don't own any. I'll pound the table if
it goes even lower. A Fed under J Pal is
T is she goes that's just the way it is
and exactly what we need on man money
tonight. Shares of workday pop today on
news that Elliot management is taking a
stake in the company. I'm getting all
the updates with the CEO. It's a real
good story. Then should the polo bear
rebrand himself to the polo bull? I'm
taking a look at Ralph Lauren and
telling you where I come down the stock
after Fed rate cut. It's always good to
check in on econ e e e e e e e e e e e e
e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
e e e e e e e econ economy and the
stocks that are driven by it. That's
like Ferguson. I'm sitting down with the
co to get the latest. So stay with
Kramer.
[Music]
Don't miss a second of MadMoney. Follow
Jim Kramer on X. Have a question? Tweet
Kramer #madmentions.
Send Jim an email to madmoney@cnbc.com
or give us a call at 1800743
CNNBC. Miss something, head to
madmoney.cnbc.com.
[Music]
Look at this incredible run in the stock
of Workday, the enterprise software
powerhouse that helps businesses with
human resources and financial planning.
Like so many other enterprise software
players, workday's had a tough year. But
today turned out to be a very good day
for the stock up more than 7%. In
response to the company's annual workday
rising customer event in San Francisco
this week, h but also their financial
analyst day. By the way, we also got
some big AI announcements and
acquisition bunch of number of of new
partnerships. Really some fantastic
things. And we found out about all of
these at the analyst day that was done
alongside with their conference. Then
after the close yesterday, we learned
that the genius activist investors at
Elliot Management had taken him a big $2
billion plus stake in the company. Uh
you unusually Elliot simply announced
the stake and gave a public vote of
confidence in Workday's management. I
like that. So let's take a close look
with Carl Ashen. He's the CEO of
Workday. Mr. Ash, congratulations. What
seems like a very successful event this
week and welcome back to Mad Money.
>> Hi Jim, it's great to see you. Uh, let
me apologize. If you see some commotion
in the background, it's because I'm
coming to you live from our annual user
conference, Workday Rising, where this
week, Jim, we had over 30,000 people
attending live, record setting
attendance. We took over the streets of
San Francisco. You can feel the energy.
You can see it. You can see it behind
me. You walk around, it's just
incredible what's happening. There's
something special right now happening at
workday, Jim. Well, Carl, it's it's
interesting you point that out because
even when your predecessor Neil Bush
when he had workday rising, one time he
took me out, he said, "Jim, this is not
a regular trade conference, we have big
announcements. We have lots of business
that comes with it. This looks like the
same again."
>> Yeah, Jim, no doubt. By the way, at the
conference this this week, we're
celebrating something. Speaking of
Anneil, we're celebrating our 20th
birthday. This marks our 20th birthday
here at the conference. And this week we
laid out a really strong, powerful
vision in a statement that we are going
to be the enterprise AI platform that
manages your people, your money, and
your agents. And we've rolled out a
bunch of announcements around that.
First and foremost, we rolled out a
number of new agents that's going to
drive real business value for our
customers. Jim, these aren't just agents
that are doing surface level stuff.
They're driving business value across
people, finance, planning, and
industries. You mentioned it earlier in
your opening. We continue to expand. We
continue to expand the platform at
workday. And we had many exciting
announcements on stage yesterday,
including Satcha from Microsoft talking
to us how they're going to leverage the
workday platform. We announced a new,
you know, data cloud solution that's in
conjunction with people like Snowflake,
data pricks in an expanded partnership
with Salesforce. We announced a new
acquisition, a very exciting one that I
call inorganic innovation where we
acquired a company called SA. SA is
going to bring a new fresh UIUX
experience to all of our 75 million
customers that are running on the
platform around the world. It's been an
incredible conference.
>> 75 million customers. Now, one of the
things I think people should understand
is there's this kind of You can really
help me on this, Carl. There's this big
theme and the big theme is that is this
uh that there's a big AI eating software
notion. This is narrative that basically
that AI is going to make it so we don't
need a workday. In reality, I thought
your build developer platform answered
that objection to owning a stock of
workday.
>> Yeah, Jim. You know, I think you've
talked about on your show in the past.
There's a narrative out there that AI is
eating the software world and
specifically the SAS world. And I will
tell you that's completely overblown and
it's false. Let's start with the first
principle of AI. To have good outcome of
AI, what do you need, Jim? You need good
data to train off of. And for some
people, AI may be a headwind. For
workday, it's a tailwind. We have 75
million users on our platform. We have
one of the most highly curated sets of
data in the industry that we get to
train off of. But it's not just the
data, we have the context of it. And
Jim, today we have 11,000 customers. We
have a gross retention rate of over 97%.
We have a sticky platform with all the
data with all the users using it, 75
million strong, that we can train our
data and drive real business outcome
through our AI solutions. The narrative
is wrong. It's false. And I said
yesterday, Jim, and I truly believe this
at our investor conference, I personally
believe Workday is way underappreciated
and we're way undervalued.
>> Well, it does sound like that Elliot,
which is a shrewd judge of things in
many different venues and verticals,
agrees with you in the sense that when
you speak with them, they're not they're
saying that Carl's the guy. He's going
to get him there. He they did favor that
buyback. What do you think about the
buyback at this what I think is a very
inexpensive level?
>> Yeah, Jim, uh you know, we had our
financial analyst day yesterday. Uh we
laid out a durable growth strategy over
the next couple years that we're very
confident that we can achieve. We also
laid out a mission to continue to expand
operating bar margins both gap and
non-GAAP. And because we believe we're
underappreciated and undervalued, we
leaned into what I think is one of the
best investments we can make, and that
is in ourselves, Workday, with a $5
billion buyback over the next couple
years. And to your point, we really
enjoy our conversations with our
investors, including Elliot. We've had a
really good partnership with them over
the last couple years. You saw the the
last couple months. You saw the press
release they put out last night. Um, and
I think they support the narrative that
we're underappreciated and undervalued.
And when you're working with these type
of investors, Jim, you can do one of two
things. You can lean into them and treat
as a true partnership and really take
their experience and accept their value
and their input, or you can push them
away. We lean into these relationship,
including what we did with Jesse Cohen
and the Elliot team.
>> Well, I'm glad to hear you say that. I
have been uh thinking long and hard.
They're basically like a great
consultant that you call in and you you
can either say look guys you you haven't
done the work or or you can say look I
not I don't necessarily agree but I know
you've done a lot of work or you can say
wow this work is really high quality and
then you take the best that they do and
I think you're approaching it exactly
how I think that the stock goes higher
with a very talented investor gets
involved makes suggestions you adopt
some of them because you think they're
great and you work together going
forward that's exactly what you're
doing.
>> That's exactly what we did. And it's not
only with Elliot, but it's with all our
investors. We appreciate the feedback.
And I think you can see with the
reaction to the stock today and the fact
that Elliot put out a press release.
That's probably not always the type of
press release you see from them, but I
think they agree with our narrative, our
financial framework for the next few
years. And uh we continue to uh look
forward to partnering with them and all
of our investors as we go forward. Well,
I thought that you really explained
exactly why uh you were not being eaten
alive by AI because you're integrating
AI in a terrific way. Carl Eshinbach,
who's the CEO of Workday, coming from
coming from what I regard as being maybe
one of the biggest trade shows that we
don't talk about enough of because it's
not really a trade show trade show. It's
an explosion of ideas which is workday
rising. Thank you, Carl.
>> Jim, thanks for having us.
>> Absolutely. May might be back after the
break.
Coming up, fresh off its investor day,
Kramer's trying on Ralph Lauren for size
to see if the luxury fashion retailer
can keep up its recent momentum. Next,
[Music]
in a year that's been very tricky for
most apparel stocks, Ralph Lauren, or
Raith Floren, as my dad used to call it,
has been a phenomenal winner, up 33% for
2025, trouncing the S&P 500. Now, this
is just the latest leg higher for RL. I
recommended this thing uh after speaking
with CEO Patrice Lov in August of 2023.
At the time, the stock was at 122. Now
it's about 300. In just the last 3
weeks, ever since Travis Kelce and
Taylor Swift announced the news of their
engagement while wearing Ralph Lauren,
the stock has roared. What can I say?
When your brand is hot, your brand is
hot. Masle tub to Taylor and Travis. Oh,
and Travis, my research director has you
on his fantasy team. He's begging for
more touchdowns. Although I have you in
reality, I mean, I'm begging you for
more receptions. But Taylor and Travis
aside, Ralph Lauren held an investor day
event yesterday in Wall Street. It
didn't love it. When management updated
the three-year financial targets, the
stock initially got slammed down about
5% in pre-market trading yesterday, but
then the events got rolling and this
thing rebounded from its lows, finishing
the day almost flat. However, it got hit
hard again today, falling another 2.7%.
Why? Because at first glance, the new
financial targets do look like a
disappointment.
This needs explaining. Over the next
three years, meaning from a base of
fiscal 2025, the 12-month period that
ended in March until fiscal 2028, Ralph
Lauren expects sales to rise at a
compound annual growth rate of mids
single digits in constant currency. The
company expects its operating margin to
expand by roughly 100 to 150 basis
points over the same period. Although
they also plan to continue making
investments in long-term priorities
along the way. At the same time, Ralph
Forum will keep returning excess free
cash flow to shareholders. They said
they'll return about $2 billion through
fiscal 2028 via dividends and buybacks.
At the moment, they've still got $1.6
billion left in the repurchase
authorization, which is almost 9% of the
company's market cap. That's a lot.
Highly unusual, by the way, for a
fashion company. Well, Wall Street
clearly didn't love the numbers. I
thought they were pretty darn good. When
Ralph Lauren talked about mids
singledigit revenue growth, that's
basically a continuation of what they've
already been doing. Now, over the past 3
years, the revenue grew by 4.4% on a
compound annual basis. For the current
fiscal year, they're talking about
talking low to mid singledigit revenue
growth. It was slightly better than
what's already been promised for this
year, and it was also more or less in
line with what the analysts were
expecting. Over the past couple years,
Ralph Lauren stock has exploded higher
amid singledigit revenue growth. Nothing
to complain about here.
As for the 100 base points of uh 150
base points of operating margin
expansion, well, that looks good to me,
too. Ralph Laurens adjusted operating
margin, has been a little over the the
place for the past few years, expanding,
contracting alongside the company's
investment cycles, but generally
speaking, they've gone from around 10 to
11% in the years just before the
pandemic to the low teens now. That's
terrific. In the last fiscal year, Ralph
Lauren's operating margin came in at
14%. And so far this year, it's still on
the rise. The company's guiding for 40
to 60 basis points of operating margin
expansion this year. Now, the consensus
estimate for the company's operating
margin. We're focused there for a
second. Let me tell you, in 2028 was
16.2% coming into yesterday, which would
be more like 200 basis points of margin
expansion. So, maybe some investors were
disappointed.
But if you're selling a winner because
they promised 150 basis points of margin
expansion over the 3 years instead of
200 basis points that you were looking
for, I can't do anything for you. What I
care about is steady market expan uh
margin expansion. And that's what Ralph
Lauren told us we'll get. Investors look
for steady margin expansion. They love
this to show that a company one isn't
being brought down by the competition
and forced to compete on price and two
that it's got a moat. This one's got a
moat, and that's something you've got to
think about. The rest of the longerterm
guidance looks fine to me. The buyback
plan is basically on pace with the $625
million worth of shares that he
repurchased last uh fiscal year. More
continuity. What I'm more interested in
is how Ralph Lauren believes they can
hit these great numbers. Management
continues to emphasize three strategic
growth drivers. First, they want to
quote elevate and energize our lifestyle
brand, meaning better marketing
initiatives, better customer
acquisition, better customer retention,
uh more investment source. By the way,
they're unbelievable at customer
acquisition because they want to drive
the core and expand for more, which is
mostly about product assortment,
continuing to dominate in areas of
strength like men's wear while pursuing
growth in new areas like women's
outerwear and handbags. The last big
strategic growth driver is quote win in
key cities with our consumer e
ecosystem. This is the one that I've
liked the most. See, Ralph Lauren has a
list of its top 30 cities around the
world which it has been focused on
serving, but the company has now
identified its next 20 top cities to go
after in order to help sustain the
brand's long-term growth. Management
gave more color on what it's doing to
grow its ecosystem in these cities,
including digital efforts that I think
are really underappreciated part of the
story. They have great digital. During
yesterday's investor event, management
went on into detail about how their
marketing and intore approach changes
from say London to Dubai to the
Hamptons. And uh the company also
devoted plenty of time to discussing
their Asian strategy. Oh boy, is this
one good. Asia represents a huge growth
opportunity. The the label is so well
known and wellliked there. Management
also had a lot to say about Ralph
Lauren's core capabilities, including
some talk about social commerce,
personalization, and even their agentic
AI initiatives. Now, I really like their
new Ask Ralph AI styling experience.
Definitely worth checking out. Putting
it all together, I came away from
yesterday's investor event feeling
pretty darn impressed by what Ralph
Lauren's doing. Impressed enough that
I'm willing to keep recommending the
stock. I like the new three-year
financial targets. The numbers were
weren't stunning, but they're good
enough and they're able to be they're
attainable. Plus, even though the stocks
had a huge run, it doesn't feel too
expensive. Selling were just over 20
times this year's earnings estimates.
Keep in mind in the aggregate the S&P
500 trades at almost 25 times earnings.
So even though Ralph Lauren is expected
to put up nearly 20% earnings growth
this year, the stock still trades at a
sizable discount to the broader market.
Earnings growth for the S&P is just 9%.
Ralph Lauren should be trading at a
premium. Bottom line, if doing the work,
if you're checking into the company's
new targets, I'm still bullish on RL.
Nothing's changed for me. I bet the
stock can keep working its way higher
from here. I have said it before and I
will say it again. RL is leaving the
competition behind and will continue to
do so. I want to go to Kevin in
Illinois. Kevin,
>> Jimmy Chillmeister, how you doing today?
>> Well, you know what? It's a good day.
Good day.
>> Good day. Good day here. Good day here,
too. Longtime loyal listener, first time
caller.
>> Excellent.
>> Go Birds.
>> Go Eagles.
>> The stock I want to talk to you about
today has been a total disruptor in the
category. Continues to steal market
share. Profits are up 100% year-to date.
uh international growth. They're really
kind of just scratching the surface.
They've had numerous upgrades. I think
the last one was Golden Sachs at 72 and
they got the hottest new product in the
industry with Alana New and ironically
about the same size as Celsius when it
moved over to the Pepsi Group and we
know what happened there. So short-term,
long-term, what's your outlook on
Celsius?
>> Oh my god, I like John Field Celsius.
Yeah, I got this book coming out and
this did not make it into the book. I
wish it had. I think this company is
doing incredibly well. I like them and
the chill likes them. The chill likes
them. Let's go to William in Homestead,
New Jersey. William,
>> Jim, long time listener. My stock is
Lululemon. It's down 57%. Is it safe to
maybe start taking a look at this?
>> I tell you, I stopped liking them when I
saw that they sued Costco for a really
good product that Costco had. No, I'm
not. Look, I look, I think the American
people want bargains. I would rather see
you own Gap, which is going to be
turning around this uh Athleta. That's
where I would go. All right. Now, I am
still bullish on Ralph Lauren here. And
not just because I'm bullish on Taylor
and Travis, too. Watch where made money
at including my exclusive with building
product provider Ferguson. I like
growth. They have it. Then yet another
high-profile company came public today,
but this IPO fell flat. I'm telling you
why I don't think it's necessarily a bad
sign. And all your calls rapid fire
tonight's edition of the lightning
round. So stay wet, creeper.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
All right, you know me. At the end of
the day, there's nothing more exciting
than great numbers. Take Ferguson, the
North American distributor building
products ranging from heating,
ventilation, air conditioning, uh
equipment to waterworks, plumbing, fire
protection. Yesterday, Ferguson reported
a big top and bottom line beat. Sent the
stock up nearly 8% in response. Wow. The
sink's now rallied almost 30% year to
date. Can it keep running? Let's check
in with Kevin Murphy, the president co
of Ferguson to find out more. Mr.
Murphy, welcome back to Man Money.
>> Thank you for having me, Jim. Great to
be with you again.
>> All right. Thank you. I want to start
from little bit 30,000 ft. There are
many analysts who only know a company
like Ferguson as being boom boss. They
don't know what I call secular growth.
You've got two themes. You've got this
reshoring and you've got data center.
These are secular growth stories that
makes it so that you're the vicissitudes
are not happening.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We've got some good things
happening. We got a balanced business,
residential, non-residential, about half
and half. And as you said, so many
people think of us on the residential
side of our business. So many people
think of us on the showroom side of our
business. But on non-residential, we're
a big part of the construction of data
center activity in the US. the
underground water that brings data
center cooling materials, the commercial
mechanical piping, the industrial valve
product, the fire protection inside of
it. So, we're really proud of the impact
that we can make on some of those
secular.
>> Isn't it amazing people? All they do is
think about how you got on the electric
grid. They forget that you have to be on
the water grid, too.
>> You do. You do. Liquid cooling is a big
part of data center activity. Now, also
I just love what what's going on in
terms of the reshoring the new factories
that we were in uh Harrisburg, Kentucky,
and there's Corning getting $2 and half
billion dollars from from uh Apple.
They're more than likely uh having to
call you, the general contractors to
call you. You're you're the one who
handles that stuff.
>> Yeah. And we're dealing with things from
semiconductors to GLP1 production,
biotechnology, general onshoring as
supply chains want to become more
closely aligned with America and that's
all part of great construction.
>> Now, how do you know how to where did
your expertise come from for these?
>> Yeah, we start with the customer and so
we start with that commercial mechanical
contractor, the underground site utility
contract that built out America's water
and wastewater infrastructure and we
focus on them. And as we got more mature
in the business, we started engaging
with the engineering firms, the general
contractors, and then ultimately the
owners, not to bypass that contractor,
but to make sure that we had the supply
chains right so that we could get the
product on time, in full, and get the
project on budget. All right. Now,
again, I want to go back to this notion
that any of those are really impacted by
some events that people are fixated on
here. a quarter point interest rate cut
is not necessarily what is going to
propel Ferguson to higher levels. What
is is your expertise and the fact that
the growth markets t are tied in with
you. Yeah, we we'd love to continue to
see this large capital construction
project buildout continue in the United
States and we think the secular trends
are there to continue it and those
projects are made quite well for the
kind of impact that we can make on
construction productivity. the rate
environment. If the long end of the
curve starts to come down and ease a
bit, we'll take the tailwind. It might
be residential, new construction.
>> Can you do both? Can you do both
residential? You do have the ability.
Are are there enough workers?
>> That's right. Well, so that's a
different story, Jim. If you look at the
pressure point that's out there, it
really is the trade professional, right?
We're seeing more retirements than we
are new people coming into the trades.
And so for us, that's one of the things
that we really advocate for at the
grassroots level, at the corporate
level. How do we get more people? How do
we get more families to have kitchen
table conversations with their son or
daughter where they say the trades are a
great way to make a living, a great way
to be an entrepreneur?
>> Well, you look, I'm glad you mentioned
this. Uh I'm a proud supporter of
Harvard, okay? And I hear that the
president might want Harvard do uh work
with trade schools. Well, I remember
when I was there, I took summer courses.
They didn't have much to do with the
stuff that I was majoring in. Why not?
Why not? I mean, who's to say that
Harvard can't do a good job at that? I
don't think it's demeaning. We got to
get away from that.
>> We got to get away from that narrative
that everyone has to go to university
for a traditional education because
quite frankly, you talk about durable
careers. Those are durable careers in
the face of AI and they're also great
entrepreneurial ventures as well.
>> Well, well, that's what I was thinking.
These are businesses and the same
business stuff that you learn at Harvard
Business School is applied to a
threeshop plumber.
>> No doubt about it. No doubt about it.
And for us, we want to see more people
get in the trades so that we can expand
that workforce. we can get the work done
but then we live and die with how do we
make sure that we add construction
productivity to that trade professional
that's how we add value that's how we
grow okay so uh pal today was Mr. Pal
was very good about about one issue
people don't talk about much not enough
spare land he was saying that it's
zoning that there are issues you do lots
of residential is it true we just can't
we just keep building farther and
further out and they become less
attractive. Yeah. If you think about lot
development and what the cost of lot
development is in those local areas.
That's one of the issues that we got to
get at around affordability because we
can talk about rate all we want. We've
got to get at housing affordability and
we got to get at speed because we're
underbuilt by 4 million units in this
country.
>> Average housing stocks 40 years plus
old. We've got to get after taking care
of that housing shortage.
>> Okay. So tell me about when you see
Oracle wanting to build all these data.
I mean Oracle is just talking about
things that you have $450 billion
backlog. Are you going to be included
somehow in that $450 billion backlog,
you think?
>> Yeah, it's the biggest part of our
growth inside that non-residential
activity. We grew our non-res business
15% in the quarter.
>> That was a big driver. The backlogs that
we're building are around that. Data
center construction, biotechnology,
pharma, onshoring, reshoring. And some
of these projects are sized that we've
never seen jobs this big. And it's just
exciting to be part of what is really a
renaissance in America.
>> I I think there probably people
wondering, well, hold it. Uh, can I just
do it myself at with Home Depot? You're
talking about much bigger products. It's
a very our specialized professional is
building out that miles and miles of
piping systems that are used to cool
that data center and then we're also
engaged in what the energy production
that's going to fuel that what the water
production is going to fuel that cooling
system. So it's really exciting to be a
big part of that.
>> It really is. I've got to tell you, when
people there's a lot of little guys,
there's a lot of little companies that
are between uh I'd say 1 billion and 5
billion that people call on on the
lightning round. And I always say just
buy Ferguson because I not just cuz I
don't know them, but I want someone
who's not going to screw it up.
>> Yeah. What we are trying to be is that
scale player, a 30 plus billion dollar
revenue company with 1,800 locations
across the network,
>> but with best local relationships,
taking care of local contractors as best
we can.
>> Well, that's why you're winning. And
that's why the stock's up 30%.
Congratulations to Kevin Murphy,
president CEO of Ferguson Enterprises.
Guys, this is the woman. You want
infrastructure? Stop overthinking it.
Just do Ferguson. Thank you.
>> Thank you, Jim. Thanks for having me.
Everybody's back after this break.
>> Coming up, Kramer takes your calls and
the sky's the limit. It's a fast fire
lightning round next.
[Music]
[Music]
It is time. It's time for the light
round
by jump. Play this out
and then the lightning round is over.
Are you ready? Ski dash the light round.
Start with Arthur in California. Arthur.
>> Booyah. Jim, how are you?
>> I am good. Arthur, how you doing?
>> Okay. Okay. uh a sec second time caller
and a second year club member.
>> All right. Thank you for I hope you meet
at the meeting tomorrow.
>> Okay. Yes. Yes. Uh my wife and I we
always get uh positive results from your
advice. So uh keep up the good work and
uh
>> Oh, thank you. You're very kind.
>> Right. Right now we want to ask you
about this company. It's a storage
company. They're not a AI yet, but I
think they're essential to AI. Uh and
they're reporting next month. The
company name is Seagate.
>> Okay, I'm torn about Se. I've known the
company forever and from when it was
start was started. My here's my problem.
It sells at 20 times earnings. It's the
number one perform I think like top
three performing the S&P 500. But at 20
times earnings, that's a lot for a
storage company. So I would be careful
not to buy it at this high point. It's
just had such a big run. See it tomorrow
on the conference call. Let's go to
Clancy in Connecticut. Clancy
bird,
>> you go Eagles, what's up?
All right. I still make a move without
you or the club's input. Could you
please
>> Wilson Group?
>> Will Dan Will Dan outsourced? You know
what? It's just another outsourced
company. I do not I I don't mean to slam
them. I find nothing all that
interesting about the company. Doesn't
mean it can't be bought, but I am not
that intrigued by it. How about that?
Let's go to Dylan in Connecticut. Dylan,
>> hi Jim. Thank you for taking my call. Of
course,
>> I would like your thoughts on Rubric
Inc. ticker RBRK. It was a great
>> I thought the last quarter was good. I
the stock got hit on the quarter. I
don't know. I you know, maybe I'm not
the call on this. I didn't think the
stock should have gone down. So, I like
it and I think you're okay. Let's go to
Diane in North Carolina. Diane,
>> hi Jim. I'm calling about ex I'm calling
about EXE. Um, I've had it for a while
and I know they have a big presence in
the US.
>> Eag
uh Oh, Eagle Materials. No, no, no. We
don't want Eagle M. We would take OC
before that one. Uh, and of course, we
could always buy Home Depot and I think
that those are better. Let's go to Jose
in Illinois. Jose,
>> hey Jim, thanks for everything you do.
What are we thinking on Cleveland
Cliffs? We're thinking on Cleveland
Cliff that it's had a nice little run
here and that we want to be in Newore.
Why do I say that? Because I love the
balance sheet. I love the expansion plan
new and I think that it's a little less
lever to autos which is good. Let's go
to U
Minaj in Pennsylvania. Minaj.
>> Hey Jim, I'm a long time listener and a
first time caller. Love your thank you
for taking my call.
>> Of course. Thank you for call.
>> Okay. I'm calling to get an advice on
this German tech giant for enterprise
solutions and cloud. It has been going
down for some time but recovered last
two days and close to that above 261. Is
it a buyer? Your thoughts on targeting
time frame. Pretty much against it SAP.
>> Okay. I I again I caught here. Christian
Klein delivered a great quarter. I think
that this stock is I'm going to say it.
I would buy SAP right here. I really
would. That was a good quarter. Let's go
to Don in Texas. Don. Hi Jim, how are
you today?
>> I am good Dom. What's up?
>> Well, I want to ask about a trust
portfolio stock that hopefully is due
for a breakout. What is your projection
for the timing and the magnitude on the
stock price for DuPont? You know,
>> I'm beginning to wonder whether it
doesn't have to wait till the November
split off. I mean, I really think that
that's what's happened. It's in it's in
split off hell. I mean, the stock can't
get any mojo. It's doing incredibly
well. Uh Lori Cotch is terrific. I mean,
this thing is driving me fatty, but I am
not going to sell it just because I'm
being driven crazy by it. I got other
things to do. And that, ladies and
gentlemen, conclusion of the Lightning
Round.
The Lightning Round is sponsored by
Charles Schwab.
Coming up, after another big week of
companies going public, Kramer's
weighing in on the state of the IPO
market, seeing if it's strong or clouded
with froth next.
Booya for the emperor of crime.
Honorable James J. Kramer, you got me
jumping around my office right now.
Thank you so much for all you do for us.
>> I enjoy your show and I find it very
entertaining and informative.
>> I watched your first ever episode of Mad
Money back in 2005, and I've been
watching every single episode ever
since.
>> Don't miss Mad Money every night at 600
p.m. Eastern. Plus, join the CNBC
investing club and stick with Kramer
around the clock.
[Music]
As a rule, I don't root against IPOs.
I don't want to root against anything
that could potentially make you a lot of
money. Man, I do despise fraud because
where there's fraud, there's soon to be
losses. That's why I didn't mind what
happened to Stub Up. The online tra uh
ticket seller came public at 2350 today
and then saw it stock fall below its
offering price by 1:15 p.m. It finished
the day at 22 bucks. Ouch. Look, I'm not
picking on StubHub. I actually use them
to get tickets wherever I go, including
Wembley to see the Eagles play the Jags
in a previous decade. I'm a fan of
StubHub, but I'm happy to see this IPO
fizzle because it will help curb your
enthusiasm. Right now, we need a little
curbing. I could say the same thing
about Gemini Space Station, the
ridiculous name for the crypto alpha
fell and founded by the uh Winklevoss
twins 11 years ago. After 14% gain on
its first day of trading last Friday,
the stock has now fallen well below its
$28 offering price. Again, I'm a client
and I greatly appreciate their
pioneering work and telling everyone and
everything about crypto. It's great.
It's been a fabulous run. Not so for
their stock, but that's okay, too.
See, it's vital that the IPO market calm
the heck down. When we get parabolic
moves and newly minute stocks like
Figma, which launched at 33, quickly
went to an intraday high of 142, I was
sick to my stomach. It's why I went back
to my old days of stick and crushed a
box of fig newtons. We know that the
people paying $142 for Figma had no idea
what they were buying, a web-based
collaborative design platform, because
if they did, they never ever pay that
much for it. Even now, Figma's stock has
come down to 54 bucks and change. You're
still talking about a price journeys
multiple of 178. That is just plain
nuts.
>> The house of fame.
>> Figma's not alone. Bullish, another
crypto exchange, this time a digital
asset platform. Saw its IPO price at 37
bucks, then $118. It's now back down to
54 bucks. Circle internet, another
crypto play. They have a stable coin.
Came public at $31 and valued $103 and
then charged all the way to $298. Are
you kidding me? Before falling to $131
where it is now and I got to tell you,
it is still way too high. The moves in
Figma, bullish, and circle internet were
all unsustainable. I'm not going to
mince words if this action were to
continue. I would have no choice but to
say that we are indeed in a bubble and
it is going to end horribly. I say that
because I live through the docom bubble.
So, I'm determined to get people out of
the market if new IPOs keep trading to
insane levels like they did back then.
I'm bullish on this market, but I'm not
a perma bear per perma bull people. I
won't ignore bullish and circle and
Figma anymore. I will shout from the
rooftops that we must all take something
off the table, if not a lot of it, if
that had continued. But you see, StubHub
and Gemini told me that we might be able
to avoid the IPO apocalypse.
They know nothing.
>> If people bought these stocks at the
highs, they no doubt feel chasened. It
will make people realize the stocks are
risky assets and they can lose a lot of
money if they chase something to the
stratosphere. The broader S&P 500 with
the price earnings multiple 25 times
next year's earnings isn't all that
outrageous. There are plenty of stocks
that may be selling at low levels versus
where they go uh where they go be if
interest rates could, you know, if
interest rates go lower. We don't know
about that what's going to happen yet.
But it was the IPO market, not the
regular market that was getting frothy.
If that froth is fizzling away, we're in
better shape than we were just a few
weeks ago. I like to say there's always
bull market summit. I promise I'd find
it just for your hero made money. I'm
Jim Kramer. See you tomorrow.
All opinions expressed by Jim Kramer on
this podcast are solely Kramer's
opinions and do not reflect the opinions
of CNBC, NBC Universal, or their parent
company or affiliates and may have been
previously disseminated by Kramer on
television, radio, internet, or another
medium. You should not treat any opinion
expressed by Jim Kramer as a specific
inducement to make a particular
investment or follow a particular
strategy, but only as an expression of
his opinion. Kramer's opinions are based
upon information he considers reliable,
but neither CNBC nor its affiliates and
or subsidiaries warrant its completeness
or accuracy, and it should not be relied
upon as such. To view the full MadMoney
disclaimer, please visit
cnbc.com/madmoney
disclaimer.
